APPOPS-17333 Vue moved to tier 1 (#661)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/pages/guides/sites_frameworks/getting_started/vue.md

title: Vue.js
---

[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) is a progressive JavaScript framework. This guide walks you through deploying Vue.js sites to {{ PRODUCT }}.

Edgio supports both Vue 2 and Vue 3, using both CLIs - `@vue/cli` and `vite`.

## Example {/*example*/}

<ExampleButtons
  title="Vue.js"
  siteUrl="https://edgio-community-examples-vue3-live.layer0-limelight.link"
  repoUrl="https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-vue3-example" 
  deployFromRepo />

## Connector {/*connector*/}

{{ PRODUCT }} provides a connector for this framework. [Learn more.](/guides/sites_frameworks/connectors)

> <ButtonLink variant="stroke" type="code" withIcon={true} href="https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-connectors/tree/main/edgio-vue-connector">

Reviewer: This URL returns a 404. I found the following 3 vue connectors:
https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-connectors/tree/main/edgio-vue-3-connector
https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-connectors/tree/main/edgio-vue-cva-connector
https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-connectors/tree/main/edgio-vue-storefront-connector

The vue 3 connector indicates that we should use vue-cva. If that is correct, then we should update this URL to point to the vue-cva URL.

title: Vue.js
---

[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) is a progressive JavaScript framework. This guide walks you through deploying Vue.js sites to {{ PRODUCT }}.

Edgio supports both Vue 2 and Vue 3, using both CLIs - `@vue/cli` and `vite`.

## Example {/*example*/}

<ExampleButtons
  title="Vue 3"
  repoUrl="https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-vue3-example"
  siteUrl="https://layer0-docs-layer0-vue3-example-default.layer0-limelight.link/"
  deployFromRepo />

## Connector {/*connector*/}

> This framework has a connector developed for {{ PRODUCT }}. See [Connectors](connectors) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ PRODUCT }} provides a connector for this framework. [Learn more.](/guides/sites_frameworks/connectors)
```
